c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\MovieOrchBusinessLayer.dll.config
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\MovieOrchBusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\MovieOrchBusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Csla.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Csla.xml
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ar\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\bs\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ca-ES\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\da\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\de\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\el\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\es\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\es-ES\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\fr\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\he-IL\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\hr\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\hu\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\it\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\km-KH\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\nl\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\no\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\pt\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\pt-br\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ro\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ru\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\sr\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\sv\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\tr\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\uk-ua\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\vi\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Csla.resources.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\obj\Debug\MovieOrchBusinessLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\obj\Debug\MovieOrchBusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\rdekeyser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MovieOrchestration\MovieOrchBusinessLayer\obj\Debug\MovieOrchBusinessLayer.pdb
